Document SLO and idp_initiated_login /api/v1/apps enhancements. (#1667)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/reference/api/apps/index.md

| ssoAcsUrlOverride     | Overrides the `ssoAcsUrl` setting                                                                                 | String                                               | TRUE     | FALSE  | [URL](http://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc3986) |
| spCertificate         | The certificate that Okta will use to validate Single Logout (slo) requests                                       | [SP Certificate](#service-provider-certificate)      | TRUE     | FALSE  |
| subjectNameIdFormat   | Identifies the SAML processing rules                                                                             | String                                               | FALSE    | FALSE  |                                           |
| subjectNameIdTemplate | Template for app user's username when a user is assigned to the app                                              | String                                               | FALSE    | FALSE  |                                           |

> * The application's Assertion Encryption configuration cannot be updated through the UI. It must be updated through the UI.

Author: I thought the Developer Console was deprecated, also it is not a developer persona who will be configuring SAML applications, it's more of a workforce feature.

> * The application's Assertion Encryption configuration cannot be updated through the UI. It must be updated through the UI.

Reviewer: Developer Console is still around for now.

And ok - didn't realize that, sorry. Change to:  You can't update the application's Assertion Encryption configuration through the API. Use the Admin Console.

    * In SAML 2.0, like Box app, all four overrides are available.
    * In App Wizard SAML App, no override attributes are available.

* If Single Logout is supported by the application and the `slo` object is provided in the request, the `spCertificate` object must be present.

> * When updating an application, if `slo` or `spCertificate` are not specified the existing configuration will persist.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When you update an application, if you don't specify `slo` or `spCertificate` the existing configuration persists.
```

      "digestAlgorithm": "SHA256",
      "honorForceAuthn": true,
      "authnContextClassRef": "urn:oasis:names:tc:SAML:2.0:ac:classes:PasswordProtectedTransport",
      "slo": {
        "enabled": true,

>         "spIssuer": "https://sp.example.com",

Reviewer 2: nit: seems like SSO urls are `http://testorgone.okta`, maybe keep using that?

| grant_types                                 | Array of OAuth 2.0 grant type strings                                                                                                                                                                                      | Array of `authorization_code`, `implicit`, `password`, `refresh_token`, `client_credentials`   | FALSE      | FALSE    | TRUE       |
| initiate_login_uri                          | URL string that a third party can use to initiate a sign in by the client                                                                                                                                                    | String                                                                                         | TRUE       | FALSE    | TRUE       |
| issuer_mode <ApiLifecycle access="ea" />    | Indicates whether the Okta Authorization Server uses the original Okta org domain URL or a custom domain URL as the issuer of ID token for this client. See [Details](#details). | `CUSTOM_URL` or `ORG_URL`                                                                      | TRUE       | FALSE    | TRUE       |

> | idp_initiated_login                         | The type of Idp-initiated login that the client supports, if any                                                                                                                 |  [Idp Iniated Login](#idp-initiated-login-object)                                                                     | TRUE       | FALSE    | TRUE       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| idp_initiated_login                         | The type of Idp-initiated login that the client supports, if any                                                                                                                 |  [Idp-Initiated Login](#idp-initiated-login-object)                                                                     | TRUE       | FALSE    | TRUE       |
```

  * The following properties can also be configured in the App Wizard and on the **General** tab in the Admin Console: `tos_uri`, `policy_uri`, and `logo_uri` and can be set using the [Dynamic Client Registration API](/docs/reference/api/oauth-clients/).
  * The `consent_method` property can be configured in the App Wizard and on the **General** tab in the Admin Console, but cannot be set using the Dynamic Client Registration API.

> ### Idp Initiated Login object

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Idp-Initiated Login object
```

> The Idp Initiated Login object is used to configure what, if any, Idp Initiated Login flows an OAuth Client supports.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Idp-Initiated Login object is used to configure what, if any, Idp-Initiated Login flows that an OAuth Client supports.
```

| Property      | Description                                           | DataType                   | Nullable |
| ------------- | ----------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------- | -------- | 

> | mode          | What mode to use for Idp Initiated Login              | `DISABLED`, `SPEC`, `OKTA` | FALSE    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| mode          | What mode to use for Idp-Initiated Login              | `DISABLED`, `SPEC`, `OKTA` | FALSE    |
```

| default_scope | What scopes to use for the request when mode = `OKTA` | List of String             | TRUE     |

> * When `mode` is `DISABLED` the client does not support Idp-Initiated Login

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When `mode` is `DISABLED`, the client doesn't support Idp-Initiated Login.
```

> * When `mode` is `SPEC` the client will be redirected to the Relying Party's initiate_login_uri as defined in the [OpenId Connect spec](https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-core-1_0.html#ThirdPartyInitiatedLogin)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When `mode` is `SPEC`, the client is redirected to the relying party's `initiate_login_uri` as defined in the [OpenID Connect spec](https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-core-1_0.html#ThirdPartyInitiatedLogin).
```

> * When `mode` is `SPEC`, the client is redirected to the Relying Party's `initiate_login_uri` as defined in the [OpenID Connect spec](https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-core-1_0.html#ThirdPartyInitiatedLogin).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When `mode` is `SPEC`, the client is redirected to the relying party's `initiate_login_uri` as defined in the [OpenID Connect spec](https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-core-1_0.html#ThirdPartyInitiatedLogin).
```

we try to avoid capitalizing unnecessarily. It's not a proper noun/term...so lowercase is fine.

> * When `mode` is `SPEC`, the client is redirected to the Relying Party's `initiate_login_uri` as defined in the [OpenID Connect spec](https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-core-1_0.html#ThirdPartyInitiatedLogin).

Reviewer 2: Didn't we have specific rules about linking to external specs? or do I recall wrong?

Author: That's in source-code. We link to specs other places in the docs https://developer.okta.com/docs/concepts/oauth-openid/#oauth-2-0

> * When `mode` is `OKTA` the tokens will be directly sent to the Relying Party. This corresponds the "Okta Simplified" option in the Administrator Console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When `mode` is `OKTA`, the tokens are directly sent to the relying party. This corresponds with the **Okta Simplified** option in the Administrator Console.
```

Author: The spec that we are linking to here capitalizes `Relying Party`, and it's equivalent to `Service Provider` which we are capitalizing elsewhere in this document & PR. Should I still make it lower-case?

> * When `mode` is `OKTA`, the tokens are directly sent to the Relying Party. This corresponds the **Okta Simplified** option in the Administrator Console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When `mode` is `OKTA`, the tokens are directly sent to the relying party. This corresponds the **Okta Simplified** option in the Admin Console.
```
we try to avoid capitalizing unnecessarily. It's not a proper noun/term...so lowercase is fine.

> * The client must have an `initiate_login_uri` registered in order to configure any `mode` besides `DISABLED`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The client must have an `initiate_login_uri` registered to configure any `mode` besides `DISABLED`.
```

          "authorization_code"
        ],
        "application_type": "native",
        "tos_uri":"https://example.com/client/tos",

>     	"policy_uri":"https://example.com/client/policy",

Reviewer 2: nit: indentation

| type       | The type of attribute statements object                                                      | `EXPRESSION` | FALSE    |
| values     | The value of the attribute; Supports [Okta EL](/docs/reference/okta-expression-language/)    | String       | FALSE    |

### Single Logout object

> Specifies the Single Logout (SLO)  behavior for a Custom SAML application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies the Single Logout (SLO) behavior for a Custom SAML application
```

| Property  | Description                                                              | Datatype | Nullable | 
| --------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------ | -------- | -------- | 

> | enabled   | Whether or not the application supports SLO                              | Boolean  | FALSE    | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| enabled   | Whether the application supports SLO                              | Boolean  | FALSE    | 
```

> | issuer    | The issuer of the Service Provider generating the Single Logout request  | String   | TRUE     | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| issuer    | The issuer of the Service Provider that generates the Single Logout request  | String   | TRUE     | 
```

| logoutUrl | The location where the logout response is sent                           | String   | TRUE     |

```json
{
  "slo": {
    "enabled": true,
    "issuer": "https://sp.example.com",
    "logoutUrl": "https://sp.example.com/logout"
  }
}
```

> ### Service Provider Certificate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Service Provider certificate
```

> The certificate which the service provider uses to sign Single Logout requests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The certificate that the Service Provider uses to sign Single Logout requests
```

| Property | Description                                            | Datatype       | Nullable |
| -------- | ------------------------------------------------------ | -------------- | -------- |

> | x5c      | A list containing exactly one x509 encoded certificate | List of String | FALSE    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| x5c      | A list that contains exactly one x509 encoded certificate | List of String | FALSE    |
```
